[ra2 ch1] nile proofreading (#3275)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter01.rst

provide clear evidence that a functional requirement cannot be met by that system (say, multi-NIC support), only then
the RA would add the least invasive, Kubernetes-community aligned extension (say, Multus) to fill the gap. If there are
still gaps that cannot be filled by standard Kubernetes community technologies or extensions then the RA will concisely

> document the requirement in the :doc:`"Gaps, Innovation, and Development"<chapters/chapter07>` chapter of this document

Reviewer: this should use :ref:`chapters/chapter07
```suggestion
document the requirement in the :ref;:chapters/chapter07` chapter of this document
```

Author: @pgoyal01 thanks - although I think ref only works for links to a label within the document, for linking to a whole page (like ch4 in this case), only doc works - cf https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#the-doc-role
